[docs] Backport apm settings fixes 6.7 (#32525)
elastic/kibana: docs/settings/apm-settings.asciidoc

xpack.apm.ui.transactionGroupBucketSize:: Number of top transaction groups displayed in APM plugin in Kibana. Defaults to `100`.

> apm_oss.indexPattern:: Index pattern is used for integrations with Machine Learning and Kuery Bar. It must match all apm indices. Defaults to `apm-*`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apm_oss.indexPattern:: Index pattern is used for integrations with Machine Learning and the query bar. It must match all apm indices. Defaults to `apm-*`.
```
